Note measuring conversions in the ad guide (#348)
readthedocs/ethicalads.io: content/pages/learning-hub/advertiser-guide.md

Our [SaaS product example](#saas-product) example shows a good combination of this approach,
but it's worth trying more focused variations as well.

## Measuring conversions

Rather than using pixels or beacons which are frequently blocked by ad or tracker blockers,

> we recommend adding UTM or other parameters to your landing page links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we recommend adding UTM parameters to your landing page links.
```

The `other` here is weird without explaining it.

> This keeps your measurements simple and lets you easily compare the actual conversions
> you're seeing from us against any other network where your ads are running.
> We are confident in our performance and think you'll see the results speak for themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This keeps your measurements simple and lets you easily compare the conversions
you're seeing from us against other networks you're using.
We are confident in our performance and know the results will speak for themselves.
```

`think you'll see` is awkward. Tried to rephrase.

Our advertiser platform will measure all performance metrics before a user clicks-through

> to your landing page like the number of impressions and click-through rate your ads receive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to your landing page like the number of impressions and click-through rate (CTR) your ads receive.
```

## Measuring conversions

Rather than using pixels or beacons which are frequently blocked by ad or tracker blockers,
we recommend adding UTM parameters to your landing page links.
This keeps your measurements simple and lets you easily compare the conversions
you're seeing from us against other networks you're using.
We are confident in our performance and know the results will speak for themselves.

We also have a few variables you can use in your landing page links

> in order to capture data about the publisher where the ad was clicked or the specific advertisement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in order to capture data about the publisher where the ad was clicked or the specific advertisement:

* `${publisher}` is used to insert the name of the publisher
* `${advertisement}` is used to insert the name of the ad that was served

```

I think folks are likely gonna ask for `${flight}` here soon as well, if this gets used.

Author: That should be reasonably straight-forward to add if needed.
